Mr. Chen's report for this week
Where are you going dressed like that?
I'm going to make up class
I'm about to hand in the paper, where can I make up for it?
Passport week
Is it inappropriate for you to dress like this?
What's wrong with that?
I don't think it's appropriate for you to dress like this.
One student, one professor.
Being seen by others dressed like this to make up lessons
I thought there was something wrong with our company's corporate culture
Change it.
What are you doing? Which student are you meeting?
See the teacher go out dressed like this?
Why do you keep interfering in my life?
Just because I'm your boss
I don't want it, right?
Then you can stay in the company and work overtime all night today
I'm not going anywhere.
You and I didn't dress like this to go to class
There is a class reunion tonight
class reunion
School party
Everyone dresses like this
I was going to rush over after class
But I'm running out of time, wait a minute.
Help me get 20 sets of one-size-fits-all women's clothing. Yes.
Be conservative